Okay, finally let me catch you beast
You are hurt.
Sit down
Come, come, come
The wound is not deep
But if you bite your teeth, you can easily get a bacterial infection.
Must be dealt with immediately
Are you taking this dose?
Women's favor
Oh, you can't say that.
You tell me first
What the hell happened to that starving ghost?
Last year, our counterfeit products were just established
Two little thieves came up the mountain to steal something to eat
One of them named Xiao Ming was caught by us
I was going to starve him for two days
Unexpectedly, he refused to starve and starved to death within two days
I rolled him a straw mat and threw it into the wild
But I just
That person just now
It looks exactly like this Xiao Ming.
But it's impossible, Xiao Ming
Xiao Tian'er said that there is another missing brother
Could it be this person?